<template>
    <div class="container" style="margin-top: 3rem;">
      <h2>Arctica. A secure & private Bitcoin cold storage solution</h2>
      <p>NOTE: A spiritual successor to <a href="https://github.com/JWWeatherman/yeticold">Yeti Cold</a>. This project is currently in alpha and not reccomended to be used for storage of funds until a beta version is released. </p>
      <p>A comprehensive technial design document can be found <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_RZysHjRNKTzPG_xDWh8-EvLn57AOlBO3d9J-_0bSRQ/edit?usp=sharing">here</a>
        <p> WIP: <a href="https://www.figma.com/file/KcE9byRVhSntYcTITn1OvY/Bitcoin-Wallet-UI-Kit-(Arctica)?node-id=3350%3A85090">User Experience Design Documents </a> (Design and UX flow is currently the main focus of development. If you would like to help contribute please send me a message or open an issue and I can make you an editor on the design document. We are currently using Figma and the Free and Open Source Bitcoin UI Kit Assets)</p>
      <p>Arctica is a Free and Open Source wrapper script that installs bitcoin core and then walks the user through setup of a highly secure & private cold storage solution. The software is designed to make Bitcoin more difficult to lose, steal, or extort than any other asset. This protocol contains both a high security and a medium security area and is designed for storage of amounts in excess of $100,000.</p>
      <ul>
          <li>Arctica requires users do what is needed for safe and secure bitcoin storage even when this requires more time and effort - the first task in the Arctica instructions is to setup trustworthy & dedicated Bitcoin laptops.</li>
          <li>Private keys are never on any device with a channel to an Internet connected device except through SD cards. Although the use of QR codes would be optimal, bitcoin core does not support offline signing via QR codes and the additional attack surface introduced to support this might outweigh the benefits. The purpose of an "air gap" is to limit the amount of data that can be moved, limit the times data can be moved, and make it easy to verify the data is accurate "out of band" before sending. SD cards are inferior to QR codes in all of these areas, but the risk that a QR code library has a security flaw must be weighed against these advantages. Additionally, we use SD cards to create a seamless OS environment. </li>
          <li>Artica uses an ecrypted 5 of 7 decaying multisig for bitcoin storage. This allows up to 6 keys to be lost without losing bitcoin and requires 5 locations to be compromised by an attacker to lose privacy or funds. This prioritizes recovery redundancy and privacy.</li>
          <li>HD Multisig is used so that you can send funds to 1,000 addresses, but recover all funds using only 5 seed phrases, which eventually decays down to 1 after a predetermined time frame OR with a cumbersome and expensive emergency recovery process.</li>
          <li>Generic computing hardware is used. Hardware sold specifically for bitcoin storage requires trusting everyone from manufacturing to shipping to fail to realize the opportunity available to modify the hardware in order to steal bitcoin. However, support for Hardware wallets for use as a signing device for a number of keys in the 7 key quorom is planned.</li>
          <li>Minimal software beyond bitcoin core. Bitcoin core is far and away the most trustworthy bitcoin software. Unfortunately it does not yet provide a user friendly interface for establishing a multisig address or display and accept private keys in a human writable format. We have intentionally sought to limit dependencies on external software libraries in our design process. Ideally, an Arctica user could recover their funds without or software and just bitcoin core (if they had a working knowledge of the Bitcoin CLI)</li>
          <li>Open source and easily audited. One of the reasons bitcoin core is trustworthy is that it is the most scrutinized software. This makes it the least likely to contain a critical security flaw that has not been identified and fixed. Arctica will never be as trustworthy, but by minimizing the amount of code and primarily using Rust, the BDK, and console commands the effort required to verify that Arctica is performing as expected is minimized.</li>
          <li>Usable for non-technical users. By following simple instructions users with moderate computer literacy can use Arctica. This is important because trusting someone to help you establish your cold storage solution introduces considerable risk. We want Arctica to be the gold standard for newcomers to bitcoin to establish a secure self custody profile.</li>
          <li>Private keys & descriptors are stored in non-descript and encrypted packages.</li>
          <li>Private. Unlike many popular hardware and software wallets that transmit your IP address (home address) and bitcoin balance to third party servers, Arctica uses a bitcoin core full node. This means nothing is shared beyond what is required to create a bitcoin transaction. Arctica will also use Tor.</li>
          <li>Counterfeit prevention. The only way to be certain that your balance represents genuine bitcoin is to use a bitcoin full node - in fact that is the primary purpose of a bitcoin full node - to verify that the bitcoin balance is correct and full of only genuine bitcoins. Any solution that does not involve a full node requires you trust someone else to tell you if you have real bitcoin.</li>
<Li>Minimal hardware. You only need access to two cheap computers. If you don't own a laptop you can buy one from a big box store and return it after setup is completed.</li>
          <li>The process can be completed by non technologists with minimal effort.</li>
          <li>Bitcoin private keys are stored on encrypted SD cards in multiple geographic locations.</li>
          <li>Software instructions for recovering and spending the bitcoin are included with on every SD card to reduce the likelihood of loss and improve UX.</li>
      </ul>
      <p>Arctica provides the best balance of security, ease of use and privacy when storing significant sums of bitcoin, it has the following disadvantages that might not be expected:</p>
      <ul>
          <li>Time. To complete setup you will need to invest several hours spread over the course of a couple days. This time includes writing down syncing the blockchain, flashing SD cards, and establishing a series of security protocols.</li>
          <li>Soft Shelf Life. Because Arctica is designed to have a decaying high security storage area, you will find that Arctica's security assurances intentionally degrade over time. This decision has been taken to find a balance between high security assurance and inheritance in the event of a users untimely demise.</li>
          <li>Privacy. While using bitcoin core over Tor does provide significant privacy advantages over many cold storage solutions, using multisig is not very common. This means that someone could look at the blockchain and infer that the owner of the coins is probably using our software for cold storage. This will eventually be fixed through changes to bitcoin and it is worth the security and recovery benefit to use multisig and the type of multisig you are using is only exposed to the network when you spend from Arctica (not when you deposit funds).</li>
        </ul>
    </div>
</template>
